NumberFormat V3 (#10783)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/numberformat/formatrange/index.md

---
title: Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.formatRange()
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/NumberFormat/formatRange
tags:
  - Internationalization
  - Intl
  - JavaScript
  - Localization
  - Method
  - NumberFormat
  - Prototype
  - Reference
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.Intl.NumberFormat.formatRange
---
{{JSRef}}

> The **`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.formatRange()`** method format a range of
> numbers according to the locale and formatting options of this
> {{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.formatRange()`** method formats a range of
numbers according to the locale and formatting options of the
{{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object from which the method is called.
```

## Syntax

```js
formatRange(startRange, endRange)
```

### Parameters

- `startRange`

>   - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} or {{jsxref("BigInt")}} to formatRange.
> 
> - `endRange`
>   - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} or {{jsxref("BigInt")}} to formatRange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} or {{jsxref("BigInt")}}.

- `endRange`
  - : A {{jsxref("Number")}} or {{jsxref("BigInt")}}.
```

## Description

> The `formatRange` getter function format a range of numbers into a string according to the
> locale and formatting options of this {{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `formatRange` getter function formats a range of numbers into a string according to the
locale and formatting options of this {{jsxref("Intl.NumberFormat")}} object from which it is called.
```

## Examples

### Using formatRange

> Use the `formatRange` getter function for formatting a range of currency values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `formatRange` getter function for formatting a range of currency values:
```
